Use Rf_charIsASCII for IS_ASCII instead of testing LEVELS on R >= 4.5 (#6422)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

1. Tests run again when some Suggests packages are missing, [#6411](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6411). Thanks @aadler for the note and @MichaelChirico for the fix.

> 2. All direct use of `NAMED` and some direct use of `LEVELS` has been removed from the package, reducing the use of non-API functions, see [#6420](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/pull/6420) by Ivan Krylov. The work is on the overall issue [#6180](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6180) reported by Michael Chirico.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Continued work to remove non-API C functions, [#6180](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6180). Thanks Ivan Krylov for the PR and for writing a clear and concise guide about the R API: https://aitap.codeberg.page/R-api/.
```
